Update Prerequisites (#186)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-SitePackage: Documentation/Prerequisites/Index.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _prerequisites:

=============
Prerequisites
=============

Before you start working on this tutorial you should have a working TYPO3
installation in versions 13.3 or above.

We assume you use Composer and work locally with DDEV.

Your TYPO3 installation should be empty and have no pages, designs or third
party extensions installed.

You can follow this tutorial to install TYPO3 with DDEV and Composer:

*   :ref:`Installing TYPO3 with DDEV <t3start:installation-ddev-tutorial>`.

..  note:: Answer "no" when asked if you want to create a basic site.

> You should be able to look into the TYPO3 backend and see the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to log in into the TYPO3 backend and see the following:
```

..  figure:: EmptyInstallation.png
    :alt: Screenshot of a fresh TYPO3 13.4-dev installation with no page in the page tree

    A fresh, empty TYPO3 installation (light mode)

It is also helpful if you know the following concepts:

> *   Backend

Reviewer: Can we link at least some of them for further reading?

Author: I created an issue for that as most of them have not yet properly been explained in "Getting Started": https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-SitePackage/issues/188
